# CS-330
Designing and implementing a 3D scene with OpenGL alongside C++ was a challenging experience that let me explore computational graphics as well as design as well as programming. The project involved designing a study desk layout consisting of a collection of objects that included lamp, coffee mug, pile of books, case with pens, as well as a laptop. The objects were implemented from primitive geometric shapes in terms of cylinder, cone, torus, as well as rectangle. I arranged them in a natural formation on a plane surface with a vision towards designing a beautiful as well as a realistic-looking picture that captured technical competence as well as design creativity. In executing this project, I followed a systematic design as well as development approach that involved conceptual design, prototyping, refinement, as well as completion of a scene. Not just did it let me keep quality in resulting renderings, but also improved understanding in terms of modularity in code arrangement, geometric transformation, as well as light methods in OpenGL.

This project also made me realize about computational graphic application in a myriad of fields. Having handled 3D objects, transformations, as well as optimized methods in order to render also improved my ability in terms of solving problems, which will be highly effective in academic as well as professional work in the days to come. The development cycle with its iterations also made me realize that refinement is a crucial process that is a ongoing process. Such a skill is not just effective in graphic programming, but also in more generic fields that are AI, data visualization, as well as in software development. I am able to integrate computational graphics with AI solutions in order to create more interactive as well as aesthetically beautiful apps, especially in legal tech, in which complex representations can be made more accessible as well as more interactive.
